find out your hidden power with a simple
test hidden within all of us is a secret
power but you might spend your whole
life without a clue as to what yours is
luckily this test will reveal the truth
after each question you'll have 15
seconds to choose an answer you'll also
see how many points your answers have
earned you so grab a pen and keep track
of your score at the end of the test
you'll need to add up all your points to
find out what you are hidden power is
remember to press the subscribe button
and ring the notification bell we have
tons of fun tests and quizzes like this
one on the bright side of life question
number one what color combination do you
like the most
a crimson orange and baby blue B
turquoise dark green and red C spring
green gray and light green d yellow blue
and a navy blue e brown light grey and
dark grey
[Music]
score if you have chosen a give yourself
30 points as for be that'll be 20 points
you get 50 points for C 40 points for D
and 10 for choosing e question number
two you can have just one
what will you choose a body be mine
C soul D harmony e nothing
[Music]
score answer a gives you 30 points B is
worth 40 points C is 10 D will be 20 and
option e will award you a whopping 50
points question number 3 which element
is the closest to you a earth be medal C
water D fire e would score Earth lovers
get 40 points for choosing a as for B
it'll give you 50 points add 10 points
to your tally if you chose C or 30 if
you won 4 D answer e will bring you 20
points for this question
question number 4
choose one animal you associate yourself
with a fox
B wolf C cat D tiger II other score if
you opted for a you now have 40 more
points answer B equals 10 points and C
is 50 points if your answer is D that's
another 30 points and if you aren't sure
about your totem animal and chose e give
yourself another 20 points question
number five how do you normally feel
before an important event a anxious be
confident C useless D hopeful e out of
your mind
[Music]
score give yourself 40 points for answer
a or 30 points if you went for B if you
pick C that's 10 points D will give you
50 points and D is worth 20 points
question number 6 if you had to choose
an activity you'd like to do more often
than now what would it be a spend more
time studying B walk more in the park C
spend more time in the comfort of your
home D go shopping and eat out e other
[Music]
score if you just want to study more
give yourself 20 points for choosing a
as for those who went with B you get 30
points home bodies can add 10 points to
their tally for choosing C as for D
it'll give you 40 more points and E is
50 question number seven which of the
following describes you the best a
mature be brainy C sensitive D introvert
e extrovert
[Music]
score your maturity for answer a will
award you ten points
as for the brainy folks who went for
beef you get 30 points C is worth 20 and
D is 40 as for you extroverts are cozy
you get 50 points question number 8
[Music]
choose a location for the best weekend
of your life
a in the mountains be in the countryside
see in a forest cabin D at the seaside e
doing something extreme like rock
climbing or abseiling
[Music]
score add twenty points to your score if
you chose a B we'll give you 50 points
and C is worth forty if you've opted for
D that's ten points to your score as for
those who prefer the thrill of answer e
you get 30 points question number nine
what sense do you rely on most of all a
touch B taste C smell D hearing e sight
[Music]
score for choosing a you get 20 points B
is 50 points C is worth 10 D is 40
points and E gets you 30 points question
number 10 which problem would you solve
first of all a find a cure to cancer B
and poverty C stop air pollution D put
an end to animal abuse e stop wildfires
[Music]
score if you went for a you get 40
points B is worth 30 points if C seems
like the best answer that's 20 points D
will give you 10 points and E is worth
50 question number 11 what season do you
prefer a summer B fall C spring D winter
e I love them all
[Music]
score if you're a summer lover you get
40 points for choosing a answer B will
award you 10 points and C will give you
50 add 30 points to your tally if you
chose D and if you just love them all
and went for e you get 20 points
question number 12 how would you
describe your personality a I'm friendly
and always try to do something for those
who need help
B I'm super energetic I don't like
staying in one place for too long
see I'm a sensitive person my
surroundings influenced me a lot D I
love a challenging problem it makes me
feel good when I solve it
E I'm good at analyzing things and
predicting outcomes
[Music]
score if you like answer ray the most
add 50 points to your score choosing
beat will give you 30 points and see is
worth 10 points you get 20 points for
Dee and 40 points for choosing e now
it's time to add up your final score you
can always pause the video if you need a
little more time with your calculations
are you ready if so here are the results
if you scored a total of 122 190 points
your hidden power lies and you are
extremely well developed census you like
to pay attention to the details and not
much slips by your keen senses you might
be a bit shy and reserved but at the
same time you love spending time with
your friends just make sure that
focusing on the details doesn't prevent
you from seeing the big picture if your
tally is between 200 and 290 points your
hidden power is your intelligence and
I'll tell you what you're much more
intelligent than you think your mind
works differently from others which is
why you're often able to find unusual
solutions to seemingly unsolvable
problems you absorb new knowledge and
skills incredibly fast and are able to
apply them when needed just don't ever
let others cause you to doubt or
second-guess yourself
[Music]
for those who scored between 300 and 390
points your hidden power is your speed
you're rarely late and often arrive to
meetings earlier than everyone else you
are organized efficient and punctual
your power helps you stay ahead of time
and manage to get much more done than
most people can say about themselves
perhaps you could slow down a little
maybe let loose and try to relax if
you've come out with four hundred to
four hundred ninety points you have a
hidden psychic power this makes you
pretty unique you might not believe it
but your friends consider you a kind of
a fortune-teller your extrasensory
perception helps you predict how a
situation will turn out or correctly
guess what people are thinking about
just be careful not to overanalyze
things so that it doesn't keep you from
living your life today for a total score
of 500 to 600 points your hidden power
is your ability to read people like a
book you can easily understand when
somebody is lying and you know when
people are sad dissatisfied happy or
hiding something this understanding of
emotions makes you a great friend
because you give the impression that you
really understand what someone is going
through however you're also great at
concealing your own emotions from others
and that might not be such a good thing
[Music]
what is your hidden power according to
this test do you think it's true about
you tell us in the comments below
remember to hit the like button and
always stay on the bright side of life